hey YouTube what is going on as you guys
know I am true trees and today I want to
talk to you guys about Minecraft
Playstation and minecraft Xbox with the
future title update that is in front of
us so anyways before I get to the video
make sure you guys comment below either
your PlayStation username or your Xbox
gamer tag in the comment section for
your chance that I'll actually add you
guys I want to do something a little
different I want to add my subscribers
on like a certain account so make sure
you guys comment below your your
gamertag whether it's on PSN or Xbox
Live and for your chance to get added my
friends this that's pretty sweet so also
if we place a clip on it means a lot to
me as well and Celso comment below with
your gamertag what like you guys were
I'm trying to shoot for about like maybe
like I don't know two likes three likes
maybe I don't know Oh anyways let's get
into the video here today so 10.9 update
a Minecraft PC is still coming out I
mean obviously I made some videos on the
1.9 snapshot and it's really really fun
it's a lot of a lot of violence that's
different I have to say it's very very
different from any other snapshot we
really had before with a combat system
personally when I jump in minecraft
there's two things combat and crafting
if you change around the crafting in the
combat it's super easy to to really pick
up on that and it's kind of a game
changer granted if you guys it's like I
don't know 40 studios or Mojang add in
like I don't know a new item or any
feature that doesn't really like affect
the game like my first hand you can't
really tell that the feature here I knew
I don't even really exist until I do a
little bit more digging and exploring
but with the combat system with the dual
wielding system much
say it really changes everything up and
it completely just changes the way I
just look at Minecraft from here on out
um I know I've been getting a lot of
like mixed mixed feelings about it I
kind of want your opinion as well if you
guys enjoy the dual wielding system on
the the snapchat there's your snap I
keep saying snapchat snapshot gosh darn
it ah I always get that snapchat oh
let's just get to my head I keep
thinking of snapchat but snapshot should
say I don't love people have mixed
feelings whether if they just like the
one hand combat or having a double a
dual wheel system so you have like a
shield in one hand like a sword another
boa at one hand and then another sword
in the other personally my biggest thing
I really like and enjoy about the whole
system is being able to block say for
example if you guys had like foodie in
one hand you like eat the food and also
I'm like oh someone's coming out you
could block up the sword on here on your
weekend overall it's kind of interesting
and I think it's kind of kind of unique
so jumping back into the updates that we
had before in the past kinda like a
blast in the past we've had several
updates kind of like big big features I
have to say from each update on title
update 19 I believe had the horse update
which I think granny there's some other
updates or other features and new items
in that update but the main main thing
that really came up from that update was
definitely the horses it was a game
changer people love horses I was a big
fan of it came around I think Christmas
time and then when update came out oh my
gosh
oh mylanta that was a that was a
Christmas present in it all you know
that was absolutely amazing I had a
great experience making a lot of videos
for that title update and till then we
go down down the road now and the title
updates 1c 25 that is the biggest
feature I had to say you could argue
this thing too was definitely bringing
in the classic crafting system into
Minecraft Council and it makes sense I
have some more information and news on
that of why I really make sense why that
came out at that certain time so I want
to talk to you guys about that probably
in another video because I
really like just give you guys a lot of
other facts that would really relate to
this video too much but we had that
feature and then 10 epic 26 or 27 came
out depending on what you guys want to
call it whether if you guys are the Xbox
or Playstation our PS Vita you know
where we had the are case you would and
like the new wood and stuff like that
but other than that the 40 series is
really really really catching up really
quick with Mojang obviously we still
have not seen servers we have not seen
mods which are very very possible in the
next update to come there's still so
much stuff that has to be unfolded and
we just cannot wait to like actually see
them put in the game because obviously
the files the game files themselves hold
a lot of different secrets that really
really really like really really confuse
me of why would they put them in the
game file if they're not playable in the
game right now you know but other than
that it's super super interesting can I
get a look at everything of how quickly
40 Studios is catching up change the
updates for example we have the Guardian
and in the game file where that was like
a 1.8 Update I think it was a snapshot
and then it actually came true and then
now we re on 1.9 it's just unbelievable
how quickly we're catching up and
honestly if if that's already in the
game files we could even see the new
combat system being implemented in one
of the next couple of updates with the
dual wheelin system so personally I
think that's kind of interesting I hope
you guys are interested in the dueling
system I want to let you hear let me
know your feelings steel dueling system
if you guys think that to deal with
wielding system is worthwhile you guys
think is gonna be cool enjoyable it's
different now I haven't played too much
PvP action Julie tell you guys my
feelings on like if I like it getting
like Hunger Games or I'm like survival
or something like that but other than
that it's kind of cool just fighting
mouths with it it's a little different
little unique but it's for certain to me
we could be seeing this thing come
really quickly and I could be coming a
lot sooner than we think it is but
overall I thought this videos kinda need
to bring out your attention if you will
play smack like but you guys enjoyed the
video guys
use some more minecraft PlayStation and
minecraft Xbox news regarding title
updates and future updates down the road
make sure you guys subscribe and I will
catch you guys in my next video next
time have a great day it's the true
peace bring it the best bits rough time
don't be shy going subscribe go